* Minutes for Group ID 15

* Meeting 7
  Started 15:04, 11-05-2022
  Minutes by Isaac
  Chaired by Quinn
  
* Attendees
  Isaac
  Quinn
  Jay
  Ngai Chun
  Oliver
  Zhara
  
* Work done so far
  All initial tasks have been done
  
* Effective use of version control
  No one has used the github for anything except the code
  People should start using it for all their documents
  
* Code Status
  The code is around 30% done
  There's still some stuff to do like css and ordering services

* Work for Jay
  Jay has finished his assigned stuff but didn't have as much work to begin with. He can help by
  Helping with risk management
  Making dummy data for the web app
  Unifying everyones documents

* Ended 15:25
